NOTES.md, before:

structure of API

{
  "adult": false,
  "backdrop_path": "/fTrQsdMS2MUw00RnzH0r3JWHhts.jpg",
  "belongs_to_collection": null,
  "budget": 40000000,
  "genres": [
    {
      "id": 28,
      "name": "Action"
    },
    {
      "id": 80,
      "name": "Crime"
    },
    {
      "id": 53,
      "name": "Thriller"
    }
  ],
  "homepage": "https://www.amazon.com/salp/aworkingman?hhf",
  "id": 1197306,
  "imdb_id": "tt9150192",
  "origin_country": [
    "GB",
    "US"
  ],
  "original_language": "en",
  "original_title": "A Working Man",
  "overview": "Levon Cade left behind a decorated military career in the black ops to live a simple life working construction. But when his boss's daughter, who is like family to him, is taken by human traffickers, his search to bring her home uncovers a world of corruption far greater than he ever could have imagined.",
  "popularity": 633.0389,
  "poster_path": "/xUkUZ8eOnrOnnJAfusZUqKYZiDu.jpg",
  "production_companies": [
    {
      "id": 118475,
      "logo_path": "/x8mwqWGZK2gQvrp5QlYQho1VgXj.png",
      "name": "Cedar Park Entertainment",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 219295,
      "logo_path": null,
      "name": "BlockFilm",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 218150,
      "logo_path": null,
      "name": "Punch Palace Productions",
      "origin_country": "GB"
    },
    {
      "id": 166120,
      "logo_path": "/fRuHQF9DB4Zl3ha62D5Bpu1a5TL.png",
      "name": "Balboa Productions",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 22146,
      "logo_path": "/v37N1mFeXNQfvPankg3feBhVvM7.png",
      "name": "Black Bear Pictures",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 181874,
      "logo_path": "/crrgXvLhDO9c57HYrbO4H58Vxmb.png",
      "name": "Fifth Season",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 253169,
      "logo_path": null,
      "name": "CAT5",
      "origin_country": "US"
    }
  ],
  "production_countries": [
    {
      "iso_3166_1": "GB",
      "name": "United Kingdom"
    },
    {
      "iso_3166_1": "US",
      "name": "United States of America"
    }
  ],
  "release_date": "2025-03-26",
  "revenue": 89722806,
  "runtime": 116,
  "spoken_languages": [
    {
      "english_name": "English",
      "iso_639_1": "en",
      "name": "English"
    },
    {
      "english_name": "Russian",
      "iso_639_1": "ru",
      "name": "Pусский"
    },
    {
      "english_name": "Spanish",
      "iso_639_1": "es",
      "name": "Español"
    }
  ],
  "status": "Released",
  "tagline": "Human traffickers beware.",
  "title": "A Working Man",
  "video": false,
  "vote_average": 6.4,
  "vote_count": 483
}

{"page":1,"results":[{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":"/8ZTVqvKDQ8emSGUEMjsS4yHAwrp.jpg","genre_ids":[28,878,12],"id":27205,"original_language":"en","original_title":"Inception","overview":"Cobb, a skilled thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets is offered a chance to regain his old life as payment for a task considered to be impossible: \"inception\", the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious.","popularity":28.7245,"poster_path":"/ljsZTbVsrQSqZgWeep2B1QiDKuh.jpg","release_date":"2010-07-15","title":"Inception","video":false,"vote_average":8.4,"vote_count":37404}


,{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":"/JeGkRdNsOuMrgwBdtB0hp763MU.jpg","genre_ids":[18,53],"id":613092,"original_language":"es","original_title":"El crack cero","overview":"Madrid, Spain, 1975; shortly after the end of the Franco dictatorship. Six months after the mysterious death of his lover, a prestigious tailor, a married woman visits the office of the young Germán Areta, a former police officer turned private detective, to request his professional services.","popularity":0.7667,"poster_path":"/kzgPu2CMxBr4YZZxC1Off4cUfR9.jpg","release_date":"2019-10-04","title":"The Crack: Inception","video":false,"vote_average":6.7,"vote_count":38},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":"/p8K8Z4yjaslJx5mTsIC5L6LJxQB.jpg","genre_ids":[16,28,53,878],"id":64956,"original_language":"en","original_title":"Inception: The Cobol Job","overview":"This \"Inception\" prequel unfolds courtesy of a beautiful Motion Comic, and explains how Cobb, Arthur and Nash were enlisted by Cobol Engineering.","popularity":1.0238,"poster_path":"/sNxqwtyHMNQwKWoFYDqcYTui5Ok.jpg","release_date":"2010-12-07","title":"Inception: The Cobol Job","video":false,"vote_average":7.3,"vote_count":304},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[99,18],"id":1370380,"original_language":"hr","original_title":"Sindrom Halla, za?etak hrvatskog profesionalnog filma ? ro?enog da umre","overview":"One hundred years after the invention of film, Croatian film icon Mr. Fulir, who serves as the author?s alter-ego, comes up with the Faustian idea to bring back his youth. With a group of famous actors, he enthusiastically attempts to remake lost Croatian films from the silent era.","popularity":0.2122,"poster_path":null,"release_date":"2017-01-01","title":"Syndrome Halla, the Inception of Croatian Professional Film ? Born to Die","video":false,"vote_average":0.0,"vote_count":0},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[],"id":350632,"original_language":"en","original_title":"N?ty?rambham","overview":"On certain Adavus: the basic steps in Bharatanatyam. The first part covers Tatta Adavu, Natta Adavu, Visharu Adavu , Tatti Metti Adavu and Teermanam Adavu.","popularity":0.0363,"poster_path":null,"release_date":"","title":"The Inception of Dramatic Representation","video":true,"vote_average":5.8,"vote_count":3},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":"/x7ZzkFECLu9JUiKGzj52TWlnwir.jpg","genre_ids":[18],"id":1359046,"original_language":"mn","original_title":"?????","overview":"This film shows how ordinary people work to build the Erdenet factory, and how the finished product becomes the result of collective labor, and tells about the friendship of workers from Mongolia.","popularity":0.1,"poster_path":null,"release_date":"1980-01-23","title":"Inception","video":false,"vote_average":0.0,"vote_count":0},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[35],"id":542438,"original_language":"en","original_title":"Bikini Inception","overview":"Two flunky Janitors in an Arctic Lab perform unauthorized experiments transporting them to a beach dream world in Malibu California w/50 beautiful young girls and a female Brazilian PhD Student wearing only a bra and panties. A '67 Muscle car races chases horses guns fights surfing, sumo wrestler, wolf monster, underwater scenes tons of gorgeous models. Sexy sci-fi fun.","popularity":1.0068,"poster_path":"/mNASlEOFX2c9upxaSbgeKFvIr1L.jpg","release_date":"2015-05-19","title":"Bikini Inception","video":false,"vote_average":7.0,"vote_count":1},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[10402],"id":973484,"original_language":"en","original_title":"Inception: Music from the Motion Picture","overview":"The Special Features Blu-ray disc contains a lossless DTS-HD MA 5.1 surround mix of the Inception soundtrack.","popularity":0.2341,"poster_path":"/7uM4DyRVAcgagvhZoWrkrqMPbqV.jpg","release_date":"2010-12-07","title":"Inception: Music from the Motion Picture","video":true,"vote_average":6.0,"vote_count":1},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[],"id":250845,"original_language":"en","original_title":"WWA The Inception","overview":"The first World Wrestling Allstars pay per view, live from Sydney, Australia! A tournament titled \"7 Deadly Sins\", each round having a stipulation match, the winner will be crowned the first ever WWA Heavyweight Champion! Wrestlers such as Jeff Jarrett, Road Dogg, Jerry Lawler all compete in the tournament, with the WWA Commissioner, Bret Hart not too far away to make sure nothing gets to far out of hand!","popularity":1.9564,"poster_path":null,"release_date":"2001-10-26","title":"WWA The Inception","video":true,"vote_average":3.1,"vote_count":5}],"total_pages":1,"total_results":9}



NOTE: we have an endpoint to get the watch provider
- JustWatch Attribution Required


docker run -p 50001:50001 ai_model_image

Commit message:

Updated the Prompt, User, and Authentication controls

NOTES.md, after:

structure of API

{
  "adult": false,
  "backdrop_path": "/fTrQsdMS2MUw00RnzH0r3JWHhts.jpg",
  "belongs_to_collection": null,
  "budget": 40000000,
  "genres": [
    {
      "id": 28,
      "name": "Action"
    },
    {
      "id": 80,
      "name": "Crime"
    },
    {
      "id": 53,
      "name": "Thriller"
    }
  ],
  "homepage": "https://www.amazon.com/salp/aworkingman?hhf",
  "id": 1197306,
  "imdb_id": "tt9150192",
  "origin_country": [
    "GB",
    "US"
  ],
  "original_language": "en",
  "original_title": "A Working Man",
  "overview": "Levon Cade left behind a decorated military career in the black ops to live a simple life working construction. But when his boss's daughter, who is like family to him, is taken by human traffickers, his search to bring her home uncovers a world of corruption far greater than he ever could have imagined.",
  "popularity": 633.0389,
  "poster_path": "/xUkUZ8eOnrOnnJAfusZUqKYZiDu.jpg",
  "production_companies": [
    {
      "id": 118475,
      "logo_path": "/x8mwqWGZK2gQvrp5QlYQho1VgXj.png",
      "name": "Cedar Park Entertainment",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 219295,
      "logo_path": null,
      "name": "BlockFilm",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 218150,
      "logo_path": null,
      "name": "Punch Palace Productions",
      "origin_country": "GB"
    },
    {
      "id": 166120,
      "logo_path": "/fRuHQF9DB4Zl3ha62D5Bpu1a5TL.png",
      "name": "Balboa Productions",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 22146,
      "logo_path": "/v37N1mFeXNQfvPankg3feBhVvM7.png",
      "name": "Black Bear Pictures",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 181874,
      "logo_path": "/crrgXvLhDO9c57HYrbO4H58Vxmb.png",
      "name": "Fifth Season",
      "origin_country": "US"
    },
    {
      "id": 253169,
      "logo_path": null,
      "name": "CAT5",
      "origin_country": "US"
    }
  ],
  "production_countries": [
    {
      "iso_3166_1": "GB",
      "name": "United Kingdom"
    },
    {
      "iso_3166_1": "US",
      "name": "United States of America"
    }
  ],
  "release_date": "2025-03-26",
  "revenue": 89722806,
  "runtime": 116,
  "spoken_languages": [
    {
      "english_name": "English",
      "iso_639_1": "en",
      "name": "English"
    },
    {
      "english_name": "Russian",
      "iso_639_1": "ru",
      "name": "Pусский"
    },
    {
      "english_name": "Spanish",
      "iso_639_1": "es",
      "name": "Español"
    }
  ],
  "status": "Released",
  "tagline": "Human traffickers beware.",
  "title": "A Working Man",
  "video": false,
  "vote_average": 6.4,
  "vote_count": 483
}

{"page":1,"results":[{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":"/8ZTVqvKDQ8emSGUEMjsS4yHAwrp.jpg","genre_ids":[28,878,12],"id":27205,"original_language":"en","original_title":"Inception","overview":"Cobb, a skilled thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets is offered a chance to regain his old life as payment for a task considered to be impossible: \"inception\", the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious.","popularity":28.7245,"poster_path":"/ljsZTbVsrQSqZgWeep2B1QiDKuh.jpg","release_date":"2010-07-15","title":"Inception","video":false,"vote_average":8.4,"vote_count":37404}


,{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":"/JeGkRdNsOuMrgwBdtB0hp763MU.jpg","genre_ids":[18,53],"id":613092,"original_language":"es","original_title":"El crack cero","overview":"Madrid, Spain, 1975; shortly after the end of the Franco dictatorship. Six months after the mysterious death of his lover, a prestigious tailor, a married woman visits the office of the young Germán Areta, a former police officer turned private detective, to request his professional services.","popularity":0.7667,"poster_path":"/kzgPu2CMxBr4YZZxC1Off4cUfR9.jpg","release_date":"2019-10-04","title":"The Crack: Inception","video":false,"vote_average":6.7,"vote_count":38},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":"/p8K8Z4yjaslJx5mTsIC5L6LJxQB.jpg","genre_ids":[16,28,53,878],"id":64956,"original_language":"en","original_title":"Inception: The Cobol Job","overview":"This \"Inception\" prequel unfolds courtesy of a beautiful Motion Comic, and explains how Cobb, Arthur and Nash were enlisted by Cobol Engineering.","popularity":1.0238,"poster_path":"/sNxqwtyHMNQwKWoFYDqcYTui5Ok.jpg","release_date":"2010-12-07","title":"Inception: The Cobol Job","video":false,"vote_average":7.3,"vote_count":304},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[99,18],"id":1370380,"original_language":"hr","original_title":"Sindrom Halla, za?etak hrvatskog profesionalnog filma ? ro?enog da umre","overview":"One hundred years after the invention of film, Croatian film icon Mr. Fulir, who serves as the author?s alter-ego, comes up with the Faustian idea to bring back his youth. With a group of famous actors, he enthusiastically attempts to remake lost Croatian films from the silent era.","popularity":0.2122,"poster_path":null,"release_date":"2017-01-01","title":"Syndrome Halla, the Inception of Croatian Professional Film ? Born to Die","video":false,"vote_average":0.0,"vote_count":0},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[],"id":350632,"original_language":"en","original_title":"N?ty?rambham","overview":"On certain Adavus: the basic steps in Bharatanatyam. The first part covers Tatta Adavu, Natta Adavu, Visharu Adavu , Tatti Metti Adavu and Teermanam Adavu.","popularity":0.0363,"poster_path":null,"release_date":"","title":"The Inception of Dramatic Representation","video":true,"vote_average":5.8,"vote_count":3},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":"/x7ZzkFECLu9JUiKGzj52TWlnwir.jpg","genre_ids":[18],"id":1359046,"original_language":"mn","original_title":"?????","overview":"This film shows how ordinary people work to build the Erdenet factory, and how the finished product becomes the result of collective labor, and tells about the friendship of workers from Mongolia.","popularity":0.1,"poster_path":null,"release_date":"1980-01-23","title":"Inception","video":false,"vote_average":0.0,"vote_count":0},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[35],"id":542438,"original_language":"en","original_title":"Bikini Inception","overview":"Two flunky Janitors in an Arctic Lab perform unauthorized experiments transporting them to a beach dream world in Malibu California w/50 beautiful young girls and a female Brazilian PhD Student wearing only a bra and panties. A '67 Muscle car races chases horses guns fights surfing, sumo wrestler, wolf monster, underwater scenes tons of gorgeous models. Sexy sci-fi fun.","popularity":1.0068,"poster_path":"/mNASlEOFX2c9upxaSbgeKFvIr1L.jpg","release_date":"2015-05-19","title":"Bikini Inception","video":false,"vote_average":7.0,"vote_count":1},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[10402],"id":973484,"original_language":"en","original_title":"Inception: Music from the Motion Picture","overview":"The Special Features Blu-ray disc contains a lossless DTS-HD MA 5.1 surround mix of the Inception soundtrack.","popularity":0.2341,"poster_path":"/7uM4DyRVAcgagvhZoWrkrqMPbqV.jpg","release_date":"2010-12-07","title":"Inception: Music from the Motion Picture","video":true,"vote_average":6.0,"vote_count":1},{"adult":false,"backdrop_path":null,"genre_ids":[],"id":250845,"original_language":"en","original_title":"WWA The Inception","overview":"The first World Wrestling Allstars pay per view, live from Sydney, Australia! A tournament titled \"7 Deadly Sins\", each round having a stipulation match, the winner will be crowned the first ever WWA Heavyweight Champion! Wrestlers such as Jeff Jarrett, Road Dogg, Jerry Lawler all compete in the tournament, with the WWA Commissioner, Bret Hart not too far away to make sure nothing gets to far out of hand!","popularity":1.9564,"poster_path":null,"release_date":"2001-10-26","title":"WWA The Inception","video":true,"vote_average":3.1,"vote_count":5}],"total_pages":1,"total_results":9}



NOTE: we have an endpoint to get the watch provider
- JustWatch Attribution Required
- use http-only cookies
- do refresh tokens instead of access tokens when there is an update.. / limit the token gen to critical updates
- note, i just witnessed an issue with the AI prompt thing, it returned an empty list even with the proper prompt
  might need a way to double check the AI model response - part of the clean up/limiting
docker run -p 50001:50001 ai_model_image
